Task: Judge can reasonably infer the tuple from the given sentence. 
And the tuple is well formed ie arguments are meaningful and the rel phrase does express an accurate relation between the arguments. 

File to be annotated: ppdb.both.shikar [attached]
The file has 200 triples.

INPUT FILE FORMAT
Every two line has the following format:

Sentence 1
arg1; rel2; arg2

EXPECTED OUTPUT FORMAT
> do not change the sentence 1
> In front of the tuple, add a tag in the following format:

"tag";arg1; rel2; arg2

tag= 0/1/2/3

0: If arg1 and arg2 are related in some way in the given sentence but 
    the relation stated in the triple is incorrect.
    i.e. extraction (triple) is not well formed or not true.
1: If arg1 and arg2 are related in some way in the given sentence and
    the tuple is well formed (i.e. arguments are meaningful and the rel phrase does express an accurate relation between the arguments) and 
    true.
2: If arg1 and arg2 are NOT related in the given sentence (ie Reverb extraction is incorrect)
3: Not able to identify the right tag

NOTE:
All triples are normalized and in small case.
"be" may mean is/was/were
Ignore slight mistakes by REVERB in identifying the argument boundaries. Basically you don't have to be too strict but the argument boundaries should be meaningful. 
Example: 
The action begins on April 21st with DreamHack Stockholm Open and it , as every other event , will be streamed in HD for free .
action;start out on;april
you can safely assume april as April 21st here

SAMPLE INPUT
The spacecraft traveled around Jupiter in elongated ellipses , each orbit lasting about two months .
spacecraft;turn around;jupiter

Cena climbed on top of the ambulance and dared Kane to come up .
cena;come up on;top

My grandfather traveled the world , but in the end he always returned to his beloved India .
world;be moved by;my grandfather

Habitat Selection Throughout its range , the Snowy Egret uses a variety of wetland habitats for foraging , including freshwater marshes , swamps , flooded fields , tidal marshes , and mangroves .
freshwater marsh;charge;field

SAMPLE OUTPUT
The spacecraft traveled around Jupiter in elongated ellipses , each orbit lasting about two months .
"1";spacecraft;turn around;jupiter

Cena climbed on top of the ambulance and dared Kane to come up .
"1";cena;come up on;top

My grandfather traveled the world , but in the end he always returned to his beloved India .
"0";world;be moved by;my grandfather

Habitat Selection Throughout its range , the Snowy Egret uses a variety of wetland habitats for foraging , including freshwater marshes , swamps , flooded fields , tidal marshes , and mangroves .
"2";freshwater marsh;charge;field

